API.md, before:

# API Reference (v3.x)

- [`.privateKeyVerify(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeyverifybuffer-privatekey---boolean)
- [`.privateKeyExport(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#privatekeyexportbuffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyImport(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeyimportbuffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyNegate(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeynegatebuffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyTweakAdd(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak)`](#privatekeytweakaddbuffer-privatekey-buffer-tweak---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyTweakMul(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak)`](#privatekeytweakmulbuffer-privatekey-buffer-tweak---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyCreate(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeycreatebuffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyConvert(Buffer publicKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeyconvertbuffer-publickey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyVerify(Buffer publicKey)`](#publickeyverifybuffer-publickey---boolean)
- [`.publicKeyTweakAdd(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeytweakaddbuffer-publickey-buffer-tweak--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyTweakMul(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeytweakmulbuffer-publickey-buffer-tweak--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyCombine(Array<Buffer> publicKeys [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeycombinearraybuffer-publickeys--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.signatureNormalize(Buffer signature)`](#signaturenormalizebuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureExport(Buffer signature)`](#signatureexportbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureImport(Buffer signature)`](#signatureimportbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureImportLax(Buffer signature)`](#signatureimportlaxbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.sign(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey [, Object options])`](#signbuffer-message-buffer-privatekey--object-options---signature-buffer-recovery-number)
  - [Option: `Function noncefn`](#option-function-noncefn)
  - [Option: `Buffer data`](#option-buffer-data)
- [`.verify(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Buffer publicKey)`](#verifybuffer-message-buffer-signature-buffer-publickey---boolean)
- [`.recover(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Number recovery [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#recoverbuffer-message-buffer-signature-number-recovery--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.ecdh(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey)`](#ecdhbuffer-publickey-buffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.ecdhUnsafe(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#ecdhunsafebuffer-publickey-buffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)

<hr>

##### .privateKeyVerify(Buffer privateKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyExport(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Export a *privateKey* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyImport(Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Import a *privateKey* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyNegate(Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Negate a *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyTweakAdd(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak) -> Buffer

Tweak a *privateKey* by adding *tweak* to it.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyTweakMul(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak) -> Buffer

Tweak a *privateKey* by multiplying it by a *tweak*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyCreate(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Compute the public key for a *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyConvert(Buffer publicKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Convert a *publicKey* to *compressed* or *uncompressed* form.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyVerify(Buffer publicKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA *publicKey*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyTweakAdd(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Tweak a *publicKey* by adding *tweak* times the generator to it.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyTweakMul(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Tweak a *publicKey* by multiplying it by a *tweak* value.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyCombine(Array<Buffer> publicKeys [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Add a given *publicKeys* together.

<hr>

##### .signatureNormalize(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Convert a *signature* to a normalized lower-S form.

<hr>

##### .signatureExport(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Serialize an ECDSA *signature* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .signatureImport(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Parse a DER ECDSA *signature* (follow by [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0066.mediawiki)).

<hr>

##### .signatureImportLax(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Same as [signatureImport](#signatureimportbuffer-signature---buffer) but not follow by [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0066.mediawiki).

<hr>

##### .sign(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey [, Object options]) -> {signature: Buffer, recovery: number}

Create an ECDSA signature. Always return low-S signature.

Inputs: 32-byte message m, 32-byte scalar key d, 32-byte scalar nonce k.

* Compute point R = k * G. Reject nonce if R's x coordinate is zero.
* Compute 32-byte scalar r, the serialization of R's x coordinate.
* Compose 32-byte scalar s = k^-1 \* (r \* d + m). Reject nonce if s is zero.
* The signature is (r, s).

###### Option: `Function noncefn`

Nonce generator. By default it is [rfc6979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979).

Function signature:

##### noncefn(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey, ?Buffer algo, ?Buffer data, Number attempt) -> Buffer

###### Option: `Buffer data`

Additional data for [noncefn](#option-function-noncefn) (RFC 6979 3.6) (32 bytes). By default is `null`.

<hr>

##### .verify(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Buffer publicKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA signature.

Note: **return false for high signatures!**

Inputs: 32-byte message m, public key point Q, signature: (32-byte r, scalar s).

* Signature is invalid if r is zero.
* Signature is invalid if s is zero.
* Compute point R = (s^-1 \* m \* G + s^-1 \* r \* Q). Reject if R is infinity.
* Signature is valid if R's x coordinate equals to r.

<hr>

##### .recover(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Number recovery [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Recover an ECDSA public key from a signature.

<hr>

##### .ecdh(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Compute an EC Diffie-Hellman secret and applied sha256 to compressed public key.

<hr>

##### .ecdhUnsafe(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Compute an EC Diffie-Hellman secret and return public key as result.

Commit message:

Add support for calculating the modular inverse of a private key
Resolves #124

API.md, after:

# API Reference (v3.x)

- [`.privateKeyVerify(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeyverifybuffer-privatekey---boolean)
- [`.privateKeyExport(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#privatekeyexportbuffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyImport(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeyimportbuffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyNegate(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeynegatebuffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyModInverse(Buffer privateKey)`](#privatekeymodinversebuffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyTweakAdd(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak)`](#privatekeytweakaddbuffer-privatekey-buffer-tweak---buffer)
- [`.privateKeyTweakMul(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak)`](#privatekeytweakmulbuffer-privatekey-buffer-tweak---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyCreate(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeycreatebuffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyConvert(Buffer publicKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeyconvertbuffer-publickey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyVerify(Buffer publicKey)`](#publickeyverifybuffer-publickey---boolean)
- [`.publicKeyTweakAdd(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeytweakaddbuffer-publickey-buffer-tweak--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyTweakMul(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeytweakmulbuffer-publickey-buffer-tweak--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.publicKeyCombine(Array<Buffer> publicKeys [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#publickeycombinearraybuffer-publickeys--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.signatureNormalize(Buffer signature)`](#signaturenormalizebuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureExport(Buffer signature)`](#signatureexportbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureImport(Buffer signature)`](#signatureimportbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.signatureImportLax(Buffer signature)`](#signatureimportlaxbuffer-signature---buffer)
- [`.sign(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey [, Object options])`](#signbuffer-message-buffer-privatekey--object-options---signature-buffer-recovery-number)
  - [Option: `Function noncefn`](#option-function-noncefn)
  - [Option: `Buffer data`](#option-buffer-data)
- [`.verify(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Buffer publicKey)`](#verifybuffer-message-buffer-signature-buffer-publickey---boolean)
- [`.recover(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Number recovery [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#recoverbuffer-message-buffer-signature-number-recovery--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)
- [`.ecdh(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey)`](#ecdhbuffer-publickey-buffer-privatekey---buffer)
- [`.ecdhUnsafe(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true])`](#ecdhunsafebuffer-publickey-buffer-privatekey--boolean-compressed--true---buffer)

<hr>

##### .privateKeyVerify(Buffer privateKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyExport(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Export a *privateKey* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyImport(Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Import a *privateKey* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyNegate(Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Negate a *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyModInverse(Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Compute the inverse of a *privateKey* (modulo the order of the curve's base point).

<hr>

##### .privateKeyTweakAdd(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak) -> Buffer

Tweak a *privateKey* by adding *tweak* to it.

<hr>

##### .privateKeyTweakMul(Buffer privateKey, Buffer tweak) -> Buffer

Tweak a *privateKey* by multiplying it by a *tweak*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyCreate(Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Compute the public key for a *privateKey*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyConvert(Buffer publicKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Convert a *publicKey* to *compressed* or *uncompressed* form.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyVerify(Buffer publicKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA *publicKey*.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyTweakAdd(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Tweak a *publicKey* by adding *tweak* times the generator to it.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyTweakMul(Buffer publicKey, Buffer tweak [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Tweak a *publicKey* by multiplying it by a *tweak* value.

<hr>

##### .publicKeyCombine(Array<Buffer> publicKeys [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Add a given *publicKeys* together.

<hr>

##### .signatureNormalize(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Convert a *signature* to a normalized lower-S form.

<hr>

##### .signatureExport(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Serialize an ECDSA *signature* in DER format.

<hr>

##### .signatureImport(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Parse a DER ECDSA *signature* (follow by [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0066.mediawiki)).

<hr>

##### .signatureImportLax(Buffer signature) -> Buffer

Same as [signatureImport](#signatureimportbuffer-signature---buffer) but not follow by [BIP66](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0066.mediawiki).

<hr>

##### .sign(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey [, Object options]) -> {signature: Buffer, recovery: number}

Create an ECDSA signature. Always return low-S signature.

Inputs: 32-byte message m, 32-byte scalar key d, 32-byte scalar nonce k.

* Compute point R = k * G. Reject nonce if R's x coordinate is zero.
* Compute 32-byte scalar r, the serialization of R's x coordinate.
* Compose 32-byte scalar s = k^-1 \* (r \* d + m). Reject nonce if s is zero.
* The signature is (r, s).

###### Option: `Function noncefn`

Nonce generator. By default it is [rfc6979](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6979).

Function signature:

##### noncefn(Buffer message, Buffer privateKey, ?Buffer algo, ?Buffer data, Number attempt) -> Buffer

###### Option: `Buffer data`

Additional data for [noncefn](#option-function-noncefn) (RFC 6979 3.6) (32 bytes). By default is `null`.

<hr>

##### .verify(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Buffer publicKey) -> Boolean

Verify an ECDSA signature.

Note: **return false for high signatures!**

Inputs: 32-byte message m, public key point Q, signature: (32-byte r, scalar s).

* Signature is invalid if r is zero.
* Signature is invalid if s is zero.
* Compute point R = (s^-1 \* m \* G + s^-1 \* r \* Q). Reject if R is infinity.
* Signature is valid if R's x coordinate equals to r.

<hr>

##### .recover(Buffer message, Buffer signature, Number recovery [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Recover an ECDSA public key from a signature.

<hr>

##### .ecdh(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey) -> Buffer

Compute an EC Diffie-Hellman secret and applied sha256 to compressed public key.

<hr>

##### .ecdhUnsafe(Buffer publicKey, Buffer privateKey [, Boolean compressed = true]) -> Buffer

Compute an EC Diffie-Hellman secret and return public key as result.
